A good bowler leaves no pins standing,
A good tenant leaves the rent under the door,
A good husband leaves the toilet seat down,
A good friend leaves you the fuck alone.
A good caller leaves a message after the beep.
Takes a minute.

So the Dude abides,
And says, “Fuck it.”
He accepts everything,
And says “I’m sorry, I wasn’t listening.”
He bathes with candles, whale songs, and a J.
People dig the style of the Dude
Because the Dude remains perfectly calm.

But those that don’t dig the Dude,
Who do not like his jerk off name,
His jerk off face
And his jerk off behavior,
Are plainly jerk offs themselves.
They react like real reactionaries.
Those who abide do not react.
Those who react do not abide.

Pacifism is not something that is hidden behind.
It is a weapon employed against obstacles.
Say what you will, at least it’s an ethos,
One with the necessary means for a necessary means.

*Tao Te Ching*

A good traveler leaves no trace,
A good speaker leaves no doubt,
A good accountant needs no paper,
A well-locked door needs no barricade,
A well-tied knot needs no reinforcement.

The sage tirelessly supports those in need
Without stepping on the toes of others.
He helps all,
Without rejecting anyone, nor anything.
It takes a special kind of wisdom to act in this way.
For the truly good person, his goodness will never be exhausted.
By teaching those who are not yet in possession of beneficence,
And by sharing what he has with them,
He increases his own store of goodness.

However, a student who does not trust his teacher,
And who does not cherish his lesson,
Even if he is wise,
Will find himself no better off.
One cannot acquire anything
When one maintains no open place to put it.