Artists want to be commended as strongly imaginal.
Nihilists want to hide the fact that they’re fucking amateurs.
Jewish Catholics want to get over their sick sinfulness thing.
But the abiding do not want anything.

For when the Dude is undude, Jeffrey takes over.
When Jeffrey is fatuous, Walter takes over.
When Walter is a goddamn moron, Donny takes over.
And when Donny is dead in the water,
You have to brush him off your clothes.

Known pornographers are not easily fucked.
Nihilism is not easily annihilated.
When the Jesus exposes himself to children,
Their thinking becomes very uptight.
Ethos is the end of digging each other’s style,
The beginning of not listening to the Dude’s story.

Like a child who wanders into the middle of a movie,
We are the walrus,
And out of our element.
Everything is just, like, our opinion, man.

The Dude’s mind is limber, not uptight.
He carefully reviews labels,
Then sniffs the half-and-half.
Chooses the most modestly-priced option,
And pays with a post-dated check.

**Tao Te Ching**

Those of the highest character do not think about virtue,
Which is why they are the most virtuous,
While those of lower character strive to attain virtue,
Which is why they rarely do.

The truly virtuous
Act without objective,
And thus have no need to be recognized.

Beneath them, the benevolent are moved by a code of valor,
And so must strive after honor and accolade.
Yet at least they do not impose morality upon others—
Beneath them, the righteous perceive themselves as moral guardians,
And so must strive to control and command.
Yet at least they are concerned with the living—
Beneath them, the holy are only interested in tradition and ritual.
Since no one really cares about any of that,
They must strive to establish their doctrines by force.

Thus:
When Tao is lost, we hear about virtue,
When virtue is lost, we hear about benevolence,
When benevolence is lost, we hear about morality,
And when morality is lost, we hear about history.

It follows that:
Of all the methods to find the way in the world,
Hewing to traditional doctrine is by far the shabbiest,
And a portent of great troubles to come.

Any presumed wisdom is like a petal
On an enormous and unfolding tree of knowledge.
Mistaking the flower for the tree itself
Renders the system infertile,
Nurturing only ignorance and delusion.

This is why those of great character
Concern themselves with the pith instead of the peel,
The fruit instead of the flower,
The trunk instead of the twigs.
Electing sustenance, they shed the superficial.