In the early ’90s things were not so half-and-half:
Business papers were properly employed,
Basic freedoms were more stable,
Pacifism was more respected,
Our conflicts were cakewalks,
Phones were not mobile,
And the Dude abided.

But without credence, business papers are stolen,
Without basic freedoms, we enter a world of pain,
Without pacifism, our buddies die face down in the muck,
Without a hostage there is no ransom,
Without reward, the briefcase is barren,
And without compeers, even the Dude will wander.

So the Dude depends upon the bowling team,
As the bowling team depends upon the Dude.
They are the uncompromised first draftees,
A collective action of non-reactionaries.

Wholeness is made up of halves-and-halves:
Strong men also cry,
Deadbeats get down to cases,
Jewish veterans care for Pomeranians,
And German nihilists chase after compensation.

Rather than ride the wave of the future,
The Dude rides a ’71 Ford,
An occasional acid flashback,
And an heiress who shares his heritage
With a little legacy on the way.

*Tao Te Ching*

In ancient times everything was unified by Tao.
Because of this:
The sky was clear,
The earth was settled,
The air was energized,
The rivers were abundant,
Nature flourished,
And rulers could govern virtuously.

But without this unity:
The sky collapses,
The earth sinks,
The air dissipates,
The rivers dry up,
All withers,
And rulers are laid low.

Thus to achieve nobility,
One must recognize a dependence upon the humble.
To reach great heights,
Roots must be tended to assiduously.
To win enduring support,
Great leaders must openly exhibit their humanity.
After all, there is weakness in power, and power in weakness—
Rather being than shiny and precious as jewelry,
Be common and steadfast as stone.