He who doesn’t remember much from college,
Learns to live on his allowance.
He who digs Dudeism deeply,
Does not become a fucking fascist.
Dudeists follow 2500 years of beautiful tradition,
Pooling resources, flowing far, freeing spirits.

Cultivate love in the true sense of the word,
And you won’t need to scam anyone here.
Care about the rug in your residence,
And it will tie everything together.
Create camaraderie among the bowling team,
And you’ll enter the next round robin.
Fit right in to your time and place,
And you’ll be in a unique position.

Therefore:
Know a residence by its renter,
Know a bowler by its team,
Know a team by its league,
Know a league by its lanes,
Know the lanes by its location,
Know a location by loving it, in the true sense of the word.

How can I enter a world of no-pain?
By loving the world,
Even when it’s full of goddamn morons.

**Tao Te Ching**

That which is given a good foundation in Tao,
Cannot be knocked down.
That which deeply embraces Tao,
Cannot be torn from it.
Tao’s adepts are heirs to its homestead,
Just as children are kin to their clan.

When one cultivates Tao in his person,
His character will become genuine.
When one cultivates Tao in his family,
Its strength will become multiplied.
When one cultivates Tao in his community,
Its virtue will become long-lasting.
When one cultivates Tao in is country,
Its goodness will prosper.
When one cultivates Tao everywhere,
Its benefits will spread broadly across the world.

To get started,
Compare your person against other persons,
Compare your family against other families,
Compare your community against other communities,
Compare your country against other countries,
And compare your world with everything that has come before it.

How can one confirm that this method works?
Only through personal observation.
Don’t take my word for it.