When doing business,
Don’t say peep.
When cracking a complicated case,
Don’t let your thinking get uptight.
Though it appears there is no point,
Things seem to work out pretty good.

Restraint allows time for story, production value, feelings,
To bowl and bathe,
To simplify the plan,
To aid in chance conceptions.
The more rapidly you return to your rug,
The less you’ll have to worry about that shit.
The less you worry,
The more you’ll be there for the life cycle.
The more you dig the dance,
The greater your capacity for Dudeness,
The more Dude you are,
The more you’ll inspire others to follow in your toesteps.

Thus, those who can ably abide
Are able to put the world under their influence.
Like Kahlua, vodka and cream,
They limber our minds,
While tying together the strands in our heads,
And making us feel all warm inside.
In this way, the Dude’s style remains,
Even after the last strike, and the credits, are rolled.

*Tao Te Ching*

In governing the people,
And attending to the environment,
Nothing is greater than humility.
Only by practicing humility,
Can one rapidly return to the natural state.

The more rapidly you return to the natural state,
The greater your crop of character.
The greater your crop of character,
The more challenges can be overcome.
The more challenges you overcome,
The more limitless your life.
The more limitless your life,
The greater your capacity to cultivate.
And the greater your capacity to cultivate,
The more profound your influence can be.

This is what results when one attends ardently to roots—
A flourishing of enduring vitality and vision.