Dudeism is a source of goodness:
It comforts the Stranger,
And takes it easy for all us sinners out there.

Truly sensible words produce love in the true sense of the word.
A worthy fucking adversary earns respect.
If a man is fragile, very fragile, do not threaten him with a world of pain.
Though his toe may slip over the line, it’s only a game, man.

When a man accomplishes more than most men,
He is honored with a key to the city, meetings with first ladies, and a trophy wife.
It’s all a goddamn fake!
Especially when compared with the delights of the Dude.

Do not dream of taking his bullshit money.
Just take it easy.
Be there, man—
To give and take notes,
To sympathize here,
To help put him back in the chair.

Why is the Dude given a job by the Big Lebowski?
Because he is in a unique position.
Why does the Dude give comfort to the Stranger?
Because his style is so likeable.
How does the Dude take it easy for the sinner?
He loves you even if you’re a goddamn moron.
It is our most modestly-priced receptiveness.

**Tao Te Ching**

Tao is the source and sanctuary of all things.
It is both the storehouse of the sage,
And the safeguard of the sinner.

Beautiful speech wins adoration,
And honorable acts win respect,
But the disgraced are not without potential—
Why should we cast them aside?

When great rulers are coronated,
They are honored with horses and jewelry.
Yet these are mere trinkets,
When compared with the treasures of the Tao.

Why has Tao been regarded as the greatest gift of all?
Because to those who abide in Tao,
The greatest grace is revealed,
And to those who confide in Tao,
The basest disgrace is repealed.