Nature moves like a bowling ball.
It rolls in cycles: ups and downs, strikes and gutters.
Nature’s plan is to play one side against the other—
Sometimes you eat the bear. Sometimes the bear eats you.
The ball returns. The robin rounds.

The way of achievement is not like this:
It is a dark detour that leads to seamy valleys.
It throws out ringers for ringers,
And fucks up our simple plans.
It’s all just a game, one in which the bums always lose.

The way of Dudeness is to maintain equilibrium.
It empties the briefcase, and refills the beverage.
It pulls out the rug, and throws out the ringer.
Taking needs from the mean, it gives means to the needy.

This is not the way of Jeffrey Lebowski, the other Jeffrey Lebowski—
He takes from those who are looking for a handout,
And gives to those whose allowance is already ample.

Because the Dude can navigate the ways of the world,
Things work out pretty good for him.
To dig the world is to dig the Dude, man.
See who benefits? This affects all of us, on a personal level.

**Tao Te Ching**

Tao is like an archer’s bow:
As it performs, the high is pulled down,
And the low is raised up.
The way of Tao is to maintain equilibrium:
It saps from surplus,
And replenishes the scarce.

The way of mankind is very different from this:
It takes away from those who have too little,
And gives yet more to those who already have too much.

In understanding and respecting the way of Tao,
The sage is able to help set things right.
He invests but does not expect any return,
Completes but does not take any credit.
In this way he can act as an instrument without ends.